feat: Origami Linux (#117)
castrojo/awesome-immutable: README.md

			- [Bluefin](https://projectbluefin.io/) - An Universal Blue OCI image focused on general and development use, based on [Fedora Silverblue](https://fedoraproject.org/atomic-desktops/silverblue)
			- [Aurora](https://getaurora.dev/) - An Universal Blue OCI image focused on general and development use, based on [Fedora Kinoite](https://fedoraproject.org/atomic-desktops/kinoite/)
			- [uCore](https://projectucore.io/) - An Universal Blue OCI image focused on server use, based on [Fedora CoreOS](https://fedoraproject.org/coreos/)

> 		- Independent Fedora Atomic Distributions - These projects leverage Fedora’s OCI/bootc technology but are entirely independent of Universal Blue and have unique architectural philosophies

Reviewer: Potentially misleading title, it's not exactly a distribution, more like a bootable image for the Fedora Atomic distribution

I don't really know if it should even be separated from the category below it

> 			- [Origami Linux](https://origami.wf/) - An opinionated, aesthetics-focused distribution featuring the COSMIC desktop and also powered by the **CachyOS kernel**. Designed as a "container-first" developer environment, it explicitly replaces standard legacy shell utilities with blazing-fast Rust alternatives (like `eza`, `bat`, and `ripgrep`) out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- Independent Fedora Atomic Distributions - These projects leverage Fedora’s OCI/bootc technology but are entirely independent of Universal Blue and have unique architectural philosophies
			- [Origami Linux](https://origami.wf/) - An opinionated and aesthetics-focused distribution featuring the COSMIC desktop, the [**CachyOS kernel**](https://wiki.cachyos.org/features/kernel/), a “container-first” developer environment, and replacing legacy shell utilities with modern alternatives (i.e. `eza`, `bat`, `ripgrep`, …)
```

		- Community & Downstream OCI Projects - These projects are built using Universal Blue infrastructure or base images and utilize BlueBuild to provide specialized versions of the uBlue stack
			- [SecureBlue](https://github.com/secureblue/secureblue) - A security-hardened project that adds kernel hardening, a hardened memory allocator (from GrapheneOS), and reduced attack surfaces to the Fedora Atomic/uBlue base
			- [WayBlue](https://github.com/wayblueorg/wayblue) - A community-driven collection of images providing lean, minimally-opinionated Wayland compositors (Hyprland, Sway, River, Niri, …) built on the uBlue framework

> 			- [Origami Linux](https://origami.wf/) - A performance-oriented Fedora Atomic bootable image built using [BlueBuild](https://blue-build.org/), featuring the COSMIC desktop environment and [CachyOS kernel](https://wiki.cachyos.org/features/kernel/), focusing on replacing legacy shell utilities with modern Rust-based alternatives (i.e. `eza`, `bat`, `sudo-rs`, …). _note: investigating moving to a pure bootc architecture (with CentOS Stream or Arch as a base)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			- [Origami Linux](https://origami.wf/) - A performance-oriented Fedora Atomic bootable image built using [BlueBuild](https://blue-build.org/), featuring the COSMIC desktop environment, [CachyOS kernel](https://wiki.cachyos.org/features/kernel/), and replacing legacy shell utilities with modern alternatives (i.e. `eza`, `bat`, `sudo-rs`, …) _note: investigating [moving to a pure bootc architecture](https://discord.com/channels/1434166231274885313/1446099161240830055/1497938764700455053) (with CentOS Stream or Arch as a base)_
```

		- Community & Downstream OCI Projects - These projects are built using Universal Blue infrastructure or base images and utilize BlueBuild to provide specialized versions of the uBlue stack
			- [SecureBlue](https://github.com/secureblue/secureblue) - A security-hardened project that adds kernel hardening, a hardened memory allocator (from GrapheneOS), and reduced attack surfaces to the Fedora Atomic/uBlue base
			- [WayBlue](https://github.com/wayblueorg/wayblue) - A community-driven collection of images providing lean, minimally-opinionated Wayland compositors (Hyprland, Sway, River, Niri, …) built on the uBlue framework

> 			- [Origami Linux](https://origami-linux.org/) - A performance-oriented OCI image featuring the COSMIC desktop environment and CachyOS kernel. It focuses on replacing legacy shell utilities with modern Rust-based alternatives.

Reviewer: Link is outdated, should be https://origami.wf/

```suggestion
			- [Origami Linux](https://origami.wf/) - A performance-oriented OCI image featuring the COSMIC desktop environment and CachyOS kernel. It focuses on replacing legacy shell utilities with modern Rust-based alternatives.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			- [Origami Linux](https://origami-linux.org/) - A performance-oriented OCI image featuring the COSMIC desktop environment and CachyOS kernel focusing on replacing legacy shell utilities with modern Rust-based alternatives
```

nit style (one sentence, no trailing full stop dot)

> 			- [Origami Linux](https://origami-linux.org/) - A performance-oriented OCI image featuring the COSMIC desktop environment and CachyOS kernel. It focuses on replacing legacy shell utilities with modern Rust-based alternatives.

Reviewer: Should also mention that : 
- It currently is a bootable image **for** Fedora Atomic
- It is built using [BlueBuild](https://blue-build.org/)

> 			- [Origami Linux](https://origami-linux.org/) - A performance-oriented OCI image featuring the COSMIC desktop environment and CachyOS kernel. It focuses on replacing legacy shell utilities with modern Rust-based alternatives.

Reviewer: Regression: missing informations from https://github.com/Malix-Labs/Awesome-Atomic/commit/b1a9b3c4da3fdaed5248043f1d58d2fb7f359c90#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5L60

>    				- *Note: Currently Atomic/ostree-based, but moving to a pure bootc-native model (with CentOS stream or Arch as a base).*

Reviewer: Each entry should take only 1 line

```suggestion
			- [Origami Linux](https://origami-linux.org/) - A performance-oriented OCI image featuring the COSMIC desktop environment and CachyOS kernel. It focuses on replacing legacy shell utilities with modern Rust-based alternatives. _note: investigating moving to a pure bootc architecture (with CentOS Stream or Arch as a base)_
```

		- Community & Downstream OCI Projects - These projects are built using Universal Blue infrastructure or base images and utilize BlueBuild to provide specialized versions of the uBlue stack
			- [SecureBlue](https://github.com/secureblue/secureblue) - A security-hardened project that adds kernel hardening, a hardened memory allocator (from GrapheneOS), and reduced attack surfaces to the Fedora Atomic/uBlue base
			- [WayBlue](https://github.com/wayblueorg/wayblue) - A community-driven collection of images providing lean, minimally-opinionated Wayland compositors (Hyprland, Sway, River, Niri, …) built on the uBlue framework
			- [Origami Linux](https://origami.wf/) - A performance-oriented Fedora Atomic bootable image built using [BlueBuild](https://blue-build.org/), featuring the COSMIC desktop environment and [CachyOS kernel](https://wiki.cachyos.org/features/kernel/), focusing on replacing legacy shell utilities with modern Rust-based alternatives (i.e. `eza`, `bat`, `sudo-rs`, …). _note: investigating moving to a pure bootc architecture (with CentOS Stream or Arch as a base)_

>  - openSUSE Atomic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- openSUSE Atomic
```
